# 2. Reframing Goals to Actions

How to change your goal from Goal to Action?
How to living the the present instead of focusing on the future?

The society is outcome oriented, we are taught by the society that outcomes are whats important.

But our brain will work agaist us if we set our goal.
If our brain see an action tied to a good result, we will reinforce that behavior.
If our action doesn't get the desired result, our brain discourage it.

When we set a big goal (e.g  Getting in shape, go gym):
- We have image of our future self (well built body)
- Everytimes of training, what you see in the mirror: Nothing Change
	- Our brain start to think we are putting all these effort, but we are not really seeing the reward.
	- Brain: This behavior is not attaining the reward, so you actually don't need to continue

We love instant gratification.
- Our brain see the behavior has reward right away.


**==If we have that abstract goal in mind, it's gonna be very hard to reinforce that behavior==**

Your goal is something can happen, but not something you can do.
The only things you can do, is go training today, this hour, in the present.

We can't do goals, the only thing we can do is present actions, whichh is what I need to do today.

## How to reframe goals into actions?

Imagine you are a paralyzed person, and you have a disposal person who can do exactly what you tell them to do. 

We, ourbrain will take the goal apart, and tell the person (ourbody) what to do.
e.g Update Resume
1. Sit down at a computer
2. Open up our resume
3. Change our address
4. Update our education
5. on this line, put these things in ...

By taking apart Goal into tiny action, we are recruiting instant gratification circuitry. Our brain can see the reward from our action.
