ref: [你为什么总是觉得无聊？ - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOHdnxoscws&t=498s&ab_channel=shuaisoserious)




# Why we feel bored?

John EastWood: “the aversive experience of wanting, but being unable, to engage in satisfying activity“

or more specifically:
1. We (a) are not able to successfully engage attention with internal (e.g., thoughts or feelings) or external (e.g., environmental stimuli) information required for participating in satisfying activity
2. We are not able to engage attention and participate in satisfying activity
3. Attribute the cause of our aversive state to the environment

無聊是一種想要做讓人滿足的事情，但又做不了的讓人厭惡的狀態

ref: [The Unengaged Mind - Defining Boredom in Terms of Attention](The%20Unengaged%20Mind%20-%20Defining%20Boredom%20in%20Terms%20of%20Attention.pdf)

# Boredom's usage

Random ppl talking:
what they know now is that when you get bored you activate a network in your brain call the default mode. This network ==ignite your most original thinking==. It is where you do your best problem-solving. And you also do something called =="Autobiographical planning"==. You set goals and then you figure out the steps you need to take to reach those goals.

Boredom is not a bad thing. After doing boring things, your creativity increase.

# Why people get bored nowadays, given so many entertainment

Due to Homeostasis(內穩態), every rise of Dopamine, comes with a drop after, weather it is from scrolling phone, eatting ice-cream, or accomplishments.

Since we have so many entertainment nowadays, our brain release dopamine rapidly. This will decrease the dopamine's release, and cause a deeper drop. If we keep having so many enterrainment, whatever we do, peak of domaine will never reach 


