Caveat:
1. This is just a introduction to meditation, by no means it is complete. If you are interested in particular topic, learn more about it by yourself.
2. This guide server for a greater goal which is to teaching people more about mental health and how they work. If you wants to learn more, you can go to their community
3. All recomendation are education only, not medical advice

There are many kinds of meditation.
And there will be one suit for you.

Here are the steps we will go throught
1. What is meditation?
2. History of meditation, how it evlove, and what meditation do we have?
3. Which meditation suit for me? and what are wheir benefits
4. Science of meditation
5. Metaphysic of meditation, How yogist understand the universe. This is as a backdrop for further content
6. Dukkha, aka suffering, and where does it come from?
7. Dharma, aka duty and responsibilty. It help us understand how to overcome Dukkha, combine purpose and meaning of life
8. Karma, aka causative principle, understand how cause and effect work.

Split into 5 different perspective traditional meditation offer.
1. Manas Padham, path of the mind. Understand our mind and know where thoughts come from. 
2. Jana Oadha. nature of knowledge. Explain why you know you should do sth, but you cant bring yourselve to do it. Also explore what is the nature of studing and learning, how to learn the most efficiently.
3. Atman Padha, path of the self, explore that is the nature of human being, what makes us human. This help us understand who we are, and therefore conquer things like low self-esteem
4. Siddhi Padha, path of accomplishment, how mediation allows you to accomp