# Introduction

Different meditation technique works for different people.

Example: To treat PTSD, if you empty their mind, trauma comes rushing up. Instead we teach them techniques to focus on the present. **Ground** them in a particular physical sensation.

People study mindfulness since it is a simple and basic componet of meditation, yet we lose a lot in the process. It is like studying carbohydrate in studing different cusine.


# Origin of Meditation

In acient India, 6000 years ago, Tantrices discovered tantra. Which is a general practice to tries to harness two things: Shiva(consmic consciousness) and Shakti(cosmic energy). To manifest thing in the world, it takes a intention and a fuel to make it happen.

Tantric discover 3 kind of practices to aimed at harnessing this sort of cosmic energy, to make a manifestation in the real world. 
1. Mantra, chanting phrases of power, sth like a magical spell
2. Yantra, Symbol of power
3. Yajna, particular riturals
The combine of these three is what we call **Yoga**.


Yoga is all about discovering how we are connected to this infinite consciousness.
Cosmic consciousness "Brahman", we are water droplets from the ocean, we we are traped in our body, and we got our individuality. By remerging into the ocean, we lose our individuality, and become one with our source.

Yogis discover there are 4 ways to connect with that sense of the infinite (Enlightenment).
1. Bhakti, religion, path of devotion.
2. Karma, doing good deed, purifying yourself, makin the world a better place
3. Jnana, knowlege, path of contemplation. Think about things and brute force contemplate to your way of enlightenment.
4. Raja, path of willpower. They is stepwise process to get enlightenment. The 8 step were:
	1. Yama, societal observances, e.g. non-violence, non-possessiveness, Brahmacharya (non-lustfulness)
	2. Niyamas, personal observances, e.g. cleanliness, not lying etc
	3. Asana, **yoga postures**, help you prepare for meditation
	4. Pranayama, **breath practices**, calm your mind to prepare for meditation
	5. Pratyhara, practices of sensory withrawal or **sensory control**
	6. Dharana, focusing technique
	7. Dhyana, State of meditation
	8. Samadhi, state of temporary enlightenment

Most Buddha study and use Raja yoga, and buddhism has 3 techniqe
1. Teravada, 




#fixgrammar
