# My solution without any input


V1
Code:
```js
for (let i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
    for (let j = i+1; j < nums.length; j++) {
        const element = nums[j];
        if(nums[i]+nums[j]==target){
            return [i,j]
        }
    }
}
```
Explaination:
In all combination of nums, there is one == target, we need the index of the two number

V2 (Fail)
Code:
```js
    let mapping = nums.map((val,key)=>[val,key])
       return mapping.flatMap(
           (v, i) => mapping.slice(i+1).map(w=>{
               return [v[0]+w[0]==target,[v[1],w[1]]];
           }
       )).find(combo => combo[0])[1]
```
Explaination:
In all combination of nums, there is one == target, we need the index of the two number
But this time I do it with vector concept

Fail Reason: terminate called after throwing an instance of 'std::bad_alloc' what():  std::bad_alloc.

The input array is too large for it to handle.

# My solution with conceptual Input

Input:
> ref: https://www.nileshblog.tech/leet-code-two-sum-problem-solution-java-cpp-javascript-python/
> 
> 2) Hashmap is the second solution.
> 
> This issue can be [solved in linear time](https://www.nileshblog.tech/solve-subarray-sums-divisible-by-k-a-linear-time-complexity-approach/). The concept is to utilise a hashmap to record the indices of previously visited items. The “key” of a hashmap is the number in the specified input array (You add this to the hashmap as you visit each element). The index of the number in the array represented by the hashmap key is the hashmap “value.”
> 
> This method performs the following stages for a given input array:
> 
> -   Make a hashmap with integer datatypes as keys and values.
> -   Iterate through each element in the specified array, beginning with the first.
> -   Check the hashmap for the presence of the needed number (required number = goal sum – current number) in each iteration.
> -   If present, return the result necessary number index, current number index.
> -   Otherwise, add the current iteration number as a key to the hashmap and its index as a value. Repeat until you discover the answer.


Code:
Explaination:

# My solution After studying others answer

Code:
Explaination: